Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP I'm a member of the
alt-right Jesus all right we got paws
not gifted this of the Kobi thank you so
much pause oh my congratulations Kobi
Jordan resub great dude Pascal has
subbed gyro josub and so did Johnny
blade 37 I'll explain it to you later
mark cozies Kobe Kobe Kobe were you
called from Oh Santa Monica and what's
house Santa Monica these days it's great
great to have you on the show what do
you want to talk about today on the show
I wanted to talk to doublelift about his
lane opponents for their next matchup
okay I'll take an Adrian so I'll take an
Adrian during the regular season big
part they drop off they kept banning you
knows I recon and everyone everyone else
was playing it and they got smashed by
it and then they decided to sub out
Adrian for a pop a child for a couple
games what do you think cuz now I think
they are putting Adrian back in what do
you think are all taken Adrian's like
biggest problems as a duo like not even
including like you know team fights and
stuff just straight-up lane phase um
straight up in lane well I think
everyone's most practiced balling
overall is eirick in LCS it's IRA cotton
hands down like I think everyone except
for them has spammed the shit out of
that land cuz it's really hard to play
actually it looks really faced row I go
in what site with the Recon but it's
actually really tough to play a lot of
matchups so everyone has banded it seems
like there they didn't weren't
comfortable playing it that's a huge
weakness because that's you know
something that everyone kind of needs to
read be really good at and what else I
don't know I feel like Adrian has
pretty limited champion pool a lot of
the time and he like used to make jokes
about his champion ocean but he didn't
really have one and I think he gets
pretty nervous on stage a lot of time
that's just the feeling that I get from
playing against him he gets he has
pretty big nerves especially in playoffs
what's their biggest weakness I don't
know they're just not very scary it's
like I'm just playing versus someone I
don't know who it is I don't I can't
like put a name to it or strength to it
I'm just playing risk these guys and
it's just it feels really easy like I
guess on the other side I'll tell you
what's like the play against demented
mithy I can't do anything against men
and mithy I'm pushing them in I'm doing
everything like perfectly but they're
not making any mistakes and I can't do
anything I'm just sitting there in there
in front of their Tower waiting for them
to make mistake and they never make a
mistake so I think that's like how it
feels to play against them it's like an
impenetrable wall
I guess Jaco got like some hooks through
that wall but usually that's what it's
like to play against that duo they're
really good and it's not I don't know
when I play against I'll take an Adrian
I don't feel anything like emotionally
do you feel anything they just did it
would you if you were their coach
because you have to declare only once up
for playoffs and stuff would you bring
Papa Chow or would you bring one of the
other ones that they've shown Mike de
monterrey was decent in mid lane I'm
actually really shocked I thought Papa
Joe and Devon teed you really good for
their debut so I don't know what I would
do if I was her coach I guess if I was
their coach I would have been able to
fix the problem stop making roster
changes or I would have stuck with the
roster I don't know it just it seems
where they flip-flopped you know it's
like he probably do the roster changes
because the problems that they had
weren't beginning fixed and then maybe
he like tried to use the roster change
as a way to motivate the team or like to
get him to agree with him or something I
don't really know what was going on but
it's like why the fuck did you sub in
like these players and then and then
they did pretty good and then you set
them out seems like Kobe I have a
question for you
who do you think is gonna work do you
think it's gonna we asked
the colors all the time you never watch
this show Kobe you don't know really we
hang out all the time you've never
brought it up whenever whatever or what
do you think is gonna happen this
weekend do you think Team Liquid is
gonna win or a hundred thieves or sorry
echo fox it's double it this year
I think they're definitely gonna 3-0
echo fox okay so but do you really think
honestly I'll kick double lift and then
you can tell the stream how about that
well I'll take my other chat for a
second do you want me to get me out of
here
oh I think a lot of it hinges on honey
because impact has been doing really
well recently but I'm not sure you know
how how who needs performance is gonna
change
who needs play-off is one of the most
exciting things right last time the
Lucian and all the epic fail so that's
pretty much what all my hopes are for
you know let's see what what who knees
gonna pull out and if he's gonna be able
to do anything to impact because in fact
did a good job of absorbing a lot of
pressure yeah anything else to talk
about before we say goodbye to Kobe nope
okay good Kobe subscriber Kobe yeah I
was gifted of subscription actually Kobe
subscriber as of today Kobe who was on
the show last week remind me I forget
you're breaking up oh yeah he's God
thank you so much Kobe for coming on the
show really appreciate it
moving on the next caller